IBX-3585: Added trigger model build description (#162)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/personalization/recommendation_models.md

The history is recorded automatically based on [event](event_types.md) tracking. 
The item catalog must be filled separately as a result of [data import](content_import.md).

## Trigger model build

> Models on the Personalization server side are configured to build at some time intervals, for example, every 24-hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Models on the Personalization server side are configured to build at intervals, for example, every 24-hours.
```

For each model which requires computation (all [popularity](#popularity-models) and [collaborative models](#collaborative-models)), 

> you can manually trigger model build after any modifications to the model's settings in the Back Office.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can manually trigger build after any modifications to the model's settings in the Back Office.
```

To do this, in the **Personalization** section go to **Models**.
Click the edit icon next to the computation model, add necessary changes, and click the **Trigger model build** button.

> The model's status changes to `Build in progress`. After the successful build, the model gets `Active` status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model's status changes to `Build in progress`. After the successful build, status changes to `Active`.
```

Model statuses:

> - **Active** - when model was successfully built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Active** - model is successfully built
```

> - **Not active** - when model is added to the scenario, calculated and then removed from the scenario, or a new model which hasn’t been triggered or used yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Not active** - new model which hasn’t been triggered or used yet, or model that is added to the scenario, calculated and then removed from the scenario
```
